# NEAT Files

This file will tell you what each file in this folder is for:

- ``neat_dual_wheel_failure.py`` will print out each generation's number, its fitness, and its ending distance from the flag (goal turtlebot aims to reach). On the first (and only) successful generation, it will also print out the generation's path taken to reach the goal, and then it will plot this on a graph. The graph's blue square represents the turtlebot's starting position and the green triangle represents the flag.
- ``config-feedforward`` is a text file outlining the parameters of the NEAT algorithm. The biggest thing that I have adjusted is ``fitness_threashold`` and ``pop_size``. To better fine tune the algoirthm, visit [https://readthedocs.org/projects/neat-python/downloads/pdf/latest/](https://readthedocs.org/projects/neat-python/downloads/pdf/latest/) for NEAT documentation.
- ``field.py`` is a field class which holds the (x,y) position of the turtlebot, its orientation in radians, and the (x,y) position of the flag.
- ``constants.py`` holds the change in movement from each type of motion in a dual wheel failure (push, pivot CW, pivot CCW). Mostly averaged values taken from 5 OptiTrack runs, with some human manipulation to make more accurate.
- ``findposchange.py`` is the file used to get data for ``constants.py``, reads the first line of a text file holding optitrack data, in form of ``position.x position.y position.z ; orientation.x orientation.y orientation.z orientation.w`` (where everything has a single space in between it, including the semicolon. It prints out changes in x and y position as well as radians changed. Note that this file translates the optitrack ground coordinates to the coordinates used in the rest of the project. That is, a z coordinate on the optitrack is an x coordinate for the rest of the project and an x coordinate on optitrack is a y coordinate for the rest of the project.
- ``trackpathturtlebot.py`` this file does the same thing as ``findposchange.py`` except it reads every 50th line of the optitrack data file (reading every line takes too long) and plots it on a graph.
- ``movementarraytograph.py`` takes a movement array (one with strings ``'push'``, ``'pivot CW'``, or ``'pivotCCW'``) and plots it. Useful for getting specific path plots after they have been generated by a NEAT algorithm. 
- ``visualize.py`` provides a way to visualize the neural network created by the NEAT algorithm.
